The best military perk that I keep experiencing is on Veterans Day. I
usually go toe Applebee's, and they give you free food. Um, eat all
the chicken wings. Um, get a drink. Obviously, I tip the waiter pretty
well, but it's really great to know that, like, there at least for
one day from the year all of America sits down and shows appreciation
for us because I did, you know, sacrifice a lot. I sacrifice my
youth. You know, I sacrifice me meeting my significant other. I sacrifice
my my my health, my knees, my, my ears, You write all those things
and yeah, the payment isn't, uh, outstanding. It did set me up,
but I think you could classify that as, Ah, sacrifice. And Veterans
Day is kind of like America's way of saying, Yeah, we know what you
did. Um, it's not enough. But you know what? Here's a little bit of
a little token of our appreciation, and it makes me feel proud.